Update KFP tutorial content for version 3.3 (#85)
elyra-ai/examples: pipelines/run-pipelines-on-kubeflow-pipelines/README.md

   - Clicking the `Open Pipeline Components` button in the pipeline editor toolbar.
   - Searching for `Manage pipeline components` in the [JupyterLab command palette](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user/commands.html).

> > You can automate the component management tasks using the [`elyra-metadata install component-catalog` CLI command](https://elyra.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user_guide/pipeline-components.html#managing-custom-components-using-the-elyra-cli). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can automate the component management tasks using the [`elyra-metadata install component-catalogs` CLI command](https://elyra.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user_guide/pipeline-components.html#managing-custom-components-using-the-elyra-cli).
```

The component catalog can access component specifications that are stored in the local file system or on remote sources. In this tutorial 'local' refers to the file system where JupyterLab/Elyra is running. For example, if you've installed Elyra on your laptop, local refers to the laptop's file system. If you've installed Elyra in a container image, local refers to the container's file system.

#### Add components from the local file system

> Use locally stored component specifications if there is no (immediate) need to share the specification with other users, such as during initial development.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use locally stored component specifications if there is no (immediate) need to share the specification with other users, for example, during initial development and prototyping.
```

1. Open the **Pipeline components** panel using one of the approaches mentioned above.

   ![Add component catalog entry](doc/images/add-component-catalog-entry.png)

>    Note that the palette might already [include a few example components](https://github.com/elyra-ai/examples/tree/master/component-catalog-connectors/kfp-example-components-connector), depending on how you installed Elyra. These examples are included for illustrative purposes to help you get started but you won't use them in this tutorial.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Note that the palette may already [include a few example components](https://github.com/elyra-ai/examples/tree/master/component-catalog-connectors/kfp-example-components-connector), depending on how you installed Elyra. These examples are included for illustrative purposes to help you get started but you won't use them in this tutorial.
```
